warning monster ahead not the best thing
to see
written on an old wooden sign at an
entrance to a rainforest you just ran
into
you're a professional treasure hunter
and wildlife explorer
right now you're being chased by some
mean looking poachers
but those guys are amateurs you dart
left
hide then run again works every time
why were those guys shouting so much
back to business
for several years now you've been on a
quest for a pirate's chest
inside a 300 year old royal medallion
and according to this old map the chest
is somewhere here
in this jungle chirping birds hungry
bugs
screaming monkeys hopefully nothing too
hungry
you walk to the river and freeze
suddenly
total silence not a single sound
anywhere
except the river right then the silence
is broken
something's definitely sneaking up
behind you you
turn around and see a long thick snake's
body
you raise your head slowly two huge
fangs are hanging out right above your
eyes
and a long forked tongue is gently
licking your nose
on the other end of the tongue is a deep
dark mouth
looks like a black hole you'd fit in
there no problem
you take a step back and stumble over a
rock
you fall that's the last thing you
remember
then darkness looks like you'll be out
for a while
time to find out what monster you just
met meet
titanoboa the largest snake that ever
lived on earth
and the largest land vertebrate after
the dinosaurs
it's 42 feet long that's like seven
adults
or more than half a subway car and it
could weigh
up to one and a half tons all modern
pythons and anacondas
are descendants of this ancient reptile
that lived 60 million years ago
except for this one apparently this
snake isn't venomous
but it uses its long fangs to grab food
and its jaw is built for business
imagine an empty car
being crushed by the brooklyn bridge
that's what it feels like to be a
titanic boa's afternoon snack
back to you the titanoboa was about to
take a closer look at you
but you fell and passed out the huge
snake wasn't expecting its lunch to be
quite so willing
it sniffs your body looks it up and down
you're not a threat so it doesn't need
to squeeze you before
the snake opens its wide mouth and
begins to swallow
snakes have a special jaw divided into
several parts
they are connected by ligaments and
muscles so snakes can open their mouth
up wide
like motorbike wide but today
titanaboa doesn't need to try so hard
gulp
titanoboas use their huge fangs to push
food down their throats
while it's swallowing titanoboa likes to
use saliva to grease up its lunch
and make it more slippery much easier to
swallow
bit by bit you disappear from view your
clothes are soaking wet at this point
a few minutes later you've disappeared
from view and the snake looks really fat
and that's when you wake up so how do we
know what would happen
some guy in a full body protective suit
actually tried to get inside an anaconda
on purpose darkness you open your eyes
and take a deep breath
an unpleasant liquid gets in your mouth
a bit and you cough
it's hard to scratch your itchy nose
you're squeezed in from all sides
titanoboa has a super muscley throat
at first you panic what happened where
are you you scream
but no sound it doesn't exactly smell
great in there
and that's when you realize where you
are you can't see daylight anymore
uh-oh then you feel a weird wiggling
side to side
titanoboas on the move a python can
digest its lunch in a matter of weeks
it all depends on the size of the food
this titanoboa just ate a relatively
small snack
shouldn't take it more than a few hours
but there is some good news
since you're not that big you have at
least a bit of space to wriggle around
in
you reach into your pants pocket your
clothes your hands
they're soaking wet nasty of course
everything else you brought with you is
soaked also your map
matches granola bar also there's not
that much air inside a massive snake
you need to conserve oxygen finally you
pull out your waterproof flashlight
it still works looks like a tiny red
room
no doors no windows then it hits you
your phone you can just reach it the
screen's cracked but it still works
but you've only got four percent battery
and there's no
signal you think about the signal flare
strapped to your ankle
the ones you use to light up a dark cave
and stuff but you can't reach it
you put all your strength into bending
your knees but you just can't
suddenly you notice that you've stopped
moving snakes like to crawl to a safe
resting place after eating a large meal
that's when it starts releasing more
enzymes to help it digest
its prize you've got one shot to reach
the flare
you need to relax your whole body you
stop moving
and start to breathe slowly you feel the
walls around you start to relax
too you have one second to bend down and
reach for the flare
you go for it your hand slides down your
leg past the knee
almost there you reach your ankle but
there's nothing there
it must have come loose while you were
running through the rain forest
a few hours pass you're well inside
titanoboa's stomach
snakes have powerful enzymes that can
digest all parts of an animal
so it wouldn't have problems dealing
with clothes and shoes
you feel around with your hands maybe
you can find something to help you
a bone from a previous meal anything
your fingers graze over something a hard
round object
you manage to get the flashlight on it
no way
it's the royal medallion you've been
hunting for this titanic boa must be way
older than you thought must have had a
tasty pirate snack
about 300 years ago how did this snake
survive so long
good diet plenty of exercise there's no
chance of escape
you decide to write a final message on
your phone maybe someone will find it
after this whole thing is over
you write that you love your family and
have lived a happy life full of
adventures
you start to cry not out of sadness well
a little bit
but mostly because the enzymes are
stinging your eyes
it's done you put your phone back in
your pocket
and clutch the medallion tight you found
it
how awesome are you right now you close
your eyes
and start feeling kind of sleepy then
your phone buzzes
someone sent you a text that means you
finally got a signal
you call for help and tell them you've
been swallowed by a huge snake
you're saved but they don't believe you
and hang up
just another prankster you call back
but your battery's done for a moment
later
the snake begins to move again you hear
strange noises coming from outside
what's going on you can feel the snake's
muscles tense up
like it's getting ready to make a dash
for it a few seconds pass
and then the snake suddenly relaxes you
hear human voices
you try to shout but you're inside a
snake
so like wham a human hand grabs your
head
another hand grabs you by the shoulder
and starts to pull
someone came for you you pass through
the throat
and after a couple of minutes the
darkness disappears
and sunlight hits your eyes you're saved
why did you run away from us we were
trying to warn you
whoa that guy looks real familiar oh
it's that guy who was chasing you
earlier
turns out he wasn't a poacher he was a
local guide
apparently locals are always pulling
lost tourists out of titanic boa's
stomach
they usually just give the snakes
something to make it sleepy then
pull pull pull you hug your saviors
and thank them for their help you're
never going back to that rainforest
that's for sure
a smile spreads over your face and you
reach into your pocket to feel
that sweet gold medallion no
it must have fallen out that means it's
still stuck in the snake's stomach
you look at the rescuers and ask you
mind if i
pop back in there real quick